Add start and start_soon scheduling functions (#2660)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/coroutines.rst

   Async

********************
Coroutines and Tasks
********************

Testbenches built using cocotb use Python coroutines.
*Tasks* are cocotb objects that wrap coroutines
and are used to schedule concurrent execution of the testbench coroutines.

> While active tasks are executing the simulation is paused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While active tasks are executing, the simulation is paused.
```
(?)

The coroutine uses the :keyword:`await` keyword to
block on another coroutine's execution or pass control of execution back to the
simulator, allowing simulation time to advance.

Typically coroutines :keyword:`await` a :class:`~cocotb.triggers.Trigger` object which

> pauses the task, and indicates to the simulator some event which will cause the task resume execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pauses the task, and indicates to the simulator some event which will cause the task to resume execution.
```
Didn't check myself...

Author: My typo

> indicates to the simulator some event which will cause the task to be scheduled
> and the coroutine to resume execution when it occurs. For example:

Reviewer 2: A little wordy and it doesn't explicitly state the current task pauses/blocks.
```suggestion
pauses the task, and indicates to the simulator some event which will cause the task to resume execution.
For example:
```

        if first == second:
            raise TestFailure("Signal did not change")

Concurrent Execution
====================

Coroutines can be scheduled for concurrent execution with :func:`~cocotb.fork`, :func:`~cocotb.start`, and :func:`~cocotb.start_soon`.

.. note::

>     :func:`~cocotb.start` and :func:`~cocotb.start_soon` are new scheduling functions.

Reviewer: The "new" here will age fast, maybe better express it with another `.. versionadded::` in the note?

    They are future-compatible and are preferred over :func:`~cocotb.fork`.

:func:`~cocotb.fork` schedules and executes the new coroutine immediately,
returning control to the calling task after the new coroutine finishes or yields control.

> No other pending tasks are run.

Reviewer 2: Though it may be beneficial to state that `fork` will be removed without a deprecation notice in the future. Or do you plan on adding a deprecation to `fork` now that the new interfaces exist?

Author: We didn't come to a conclusion on whether to remove `fork` or just alias it to `start_soon`.

Reviewer 2: I happen to agree with removal. If that is the decision we need a deprecation before 1.6 is released ideally.

Reviewer 2: I opened an issue about it.

The *async* function :func:`~cocotb.start` schedules the new coroutine to be executed concurrently,

> then yields control to allow the new task (and any pending tasks) to run,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then yields control to allow the new task (and any other pending tasks) to run,
```

            else:
                break

Tasks can be killed before they complete,

> forcing their completion before they'd naturally end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
forcing their completion before they would naturally end.
```
(while we are here...)
